Update: add details to GraphQL docs (#3938)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/cli/graphql/data-modeling.mdx

```

If you create a new Todo and don't supply a `content` input, Amplify will ensure that `My new Todo` is auto populated as a value. 

> Because the `@default` directive provides a value when none is provided on creation, a non-null assertion (i.e. `String!`) is disregarded by the transformer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `@default` is applied, non-null assertions using `!` are disregarded. For example, `String!` is treated the same as `String`.
```

In the example above, you'll be able to run a `queryForTodo` query to get a single Todo element. Mutations (meaning create, update, and delete) as well as subscriptions are disabled for the Todo model above.

> The types for queries, mutations, and subscriptions are [found here](#type-definition-of-the-`@model`-directive) at the bottom of the page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the type definitions of queries, mutations, and subscriptions, see [Type Definitions of the `@model` Directive](#type-definition-of-the-`@model`-directive).
```

- Filter input objects that allow you to filter objects in list queries and relationship fields.
- For list queries the default number of objects returned is 100. You can override this behavior by setting the limit argument.

> ### Type definition of the `@model` directive

Reviewer: Suggestions: Elevate all pages' "How it works" into H2s and then make he definitions H3s
